will you is the next console
nintendo and is about to come out in some
how many more weeks so here on pro
gay mercy we will show you everything
we know so far about this
console
just like in japan there will be two packages
launch the basic and the dux the
first it will cost 299 dollars and
will come with the white console a
control that is a gamepad and 8 gb of disk
hard while the cost luxe set
349 dollars and will come with everything everything
of the basic just that the console will be
Black color and the hard disk is 32
gigas plus a cable is included
hdmi in addition to the nintendo network
raisins premium for control and
Construcc and console game
nintendo online both packages will come out
next November 18 in the USA and
also here in mexico although for the
moment we do not know the prices that
they will have here in our country
Now we know the price they will have
the wii u in its two editions but what
there are of your accessory sets
Nintendo revealed that the Wii games
will cost 60 dollars in the
USA
on the other hand the window pro controller
which will be the conventional control for
the most traditional players will have
a cost of $ 50 at stores
plus US video game
that will be available from the same
day the console goes on sale
as soon as the game pass these are not
will sell separately at least in
our continent and for now for the
that are more technical we go with the
specifications of the console with 8
gigas in the neck of the basic package and
32 gb of the luxury package will not take
a long time so that we do not run out
said memory with all downloads
what can we do?
for this we can expand our
memory easily through cards
usb or through hard disks
external that may be up to 3
terabytes
finally all the games were announced
that will be released in the launch window
from November 18 that the
console until March 31, 2013
in this list we find games like
funky 20007 aliens cabals of angers
rapal hands approve fishing
racing aurora alberich in the rise of
the guardians the video game sell
family universe and disney epic mickey 2
the power of show fifa soccer 13 madden
nfl jim mass effect 3 30 directors cat
run the future reading cousin someone
fort and suites fort 6 of tekken tag
tournament 2 wii u time time edition
time new super mario bros yum ninja
gaiden 3 razor's edge nintendo land 5
link game and war john oleiros and
undercover pikmin 3 we feed the wonder
for one on one sonic and all stars
racing transform alíns colonial marines
nano to south news warriors orochi street
fighter
darksiders 2 jeopardy guild of working
going to hell
doctor and you are in suite 3
and espn sports stanford connection
rabbits land your shape fitness evolved
2013 zombie
marlon avengers battle for the king man
Scribblenauts Unlimited Legends game
for the champions in batman arkham city
armored edition
in this era of platform wars
services are an essential part of
a console from netflix settling in
the industry as achievements and trophies the
will you seem to have adapted and not
just that nintendo me so far as to
allow in your system
microtransactions and the free to model
play
also my bears will be a very social network
interesting forget on facebook
twitter is just about sharing
contents about the games is also
announces a new being a new service
exclusive nintendo will be called
nintendo chip which will arrive next to the
home console next 18 of
November is about a service in the
which will allow the user to search to see and
enjoy audiovisual entertainment
in the form of television programs
movies or sporting events will
will include video services as
netflix hulu amazon video among others
for now it will only be available in
united states and in canada but soon
are going to announce some other parts
of the world
there will be no additional or monthly costs
since it will be completely free
for those who have a lot of
downloads in wiiware on your u and do not know
worry they will be able to transfer the
windows without any problem
for this it will be necessary to have both
consoles so if you want to transfer
all your downloads of your wii wii will be
better not to sell your console before
buy the new nintendo console
talking about the achievements you already know that
willy will integrate a new system of
achievements just like xbox 360 steam or
playstation 3 however it is not given
exactly as in the other
consoles rather nintendo will give you more
freedom to the developers so that
implement them more freely or be
who will not see achievements in all
games
finally it was announced that the guild to
same as the other nintendo consoles
if it will have a region block this
means that if you buy a game in
japan europe and you want to run it in your
American console you can not do it
you can only use games from the
region that is your console remember that
the regions are divided in america
europe and asia